Introduce LoadMLSSids runnable in EPO and EPO Extended pipelines (#249)
Ensembl/ensembl-compara: docs/production/READMEs/extended_genome_aligner.rst

EPO alignment with additional genomes
=======================================

This README describes how to set up the EPO Extended aligner system using the init_pipeline configuration system.

General description of the pipeline
-----------------------------------

> The pipeline involves taking the EPO alignment and mapping onto the reference sequences the additional mammalian (b)lastz alignments.

Reviewer: Just while we are here...
```suggestion
This pipeline involves mapping additional mammal genomes via lastz pairwise alignments (with shared reference genomes) to an existing mammal EPO multiple alignment.
```

Update the master database
--------------------------

> The pipeline requires a "master" database. This is a compara database containing information that is required to maintain consistency across several production and release databases. See README-master_database for details on how to create an initial master database.

Reviewer: So it doesn't look like you simply removed a trailing white space (and while we are here):
```suggestion
This pipeline requires a compara "master" database containing information that maintains consistency across several production and release databases. See README-master_database for details on how to create an initial master database.
```
